Hello
Fei Ge, I brought you two new products.
A 5 year old and a 7 year old
Oh, two girls.
How much do you want?
You come
See where you run away
Fei Ge is so weird
Keeping it must be a ticking time bomb
It's not done, I think you should be made Fei Ge
Pull it to the small dark room and lock it for three days
Just let it out when you're honest
Now is the time to go to work
One more person is looser, it's Brother Fei
Ahhhhh
Keep hitting ah ah ah
Ah!
Sister, if you hit again, it will be gone.
It's not easy to fly a blame
Stop! I can't take it anymore
Don't hit me, it hurts.
You say
You have such a beautiful face
If there are more dogs
Will my brother still like you?
Hahahaha